Add documentation, small corrections (#2)
polysemy-research/loopbreaker: README.md

There's no trick --- just do the same transformations after renaming, rather
than after typechecking. We realized this plugin is useful outside of
polysemy, so it's been released as a standalone package.

## Usage

> Add `-fplugin=Loopbreaker` into your `package.yaml` or specific module and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `-fplugin=Loopbreaker` into your `package.yaml` or specific module. This will cause the plugin to generate explicit loopbreakers for any self-recursive functions marked as `INLINE`, which can dramatically improve their performance.
```

Most people have no idea what a loopbreaker is, or why they should care :)
